## What is Data Science?  What is a Data Scientist?

I think that being a data scientist is about taking interdisciplinary skills and applying them to solve problems.  These skills come from the discplines of statistics, programming, machine learning, and other specialized technical fields.  I see creation of programs that can implement models developed by statisticians, data manipulation, machine learning, and an overall broad knowledge base as the major duties and requirements for being a data scientist.  I feel that statisticians and data scientists are very similar, however statisticians may be more tehnically/theoretically sound in terms of statistical knowledge and understanding than a data scientist, while a data scientist may have more programming and specialized technical skills than a statistician.  There is definitely overlap in the two roles, but both depend on the other in many ways.   

As far as myself, I would view myself as somewhere in between, in the gray area between being a data scientist and a statistician.  While I am pursuing a MS degree in Statistics, my undergraduate degree is actually in Biology, rather than related to Math/Stats directly.  Through this degree, I have conducted (and currently still conduct) a good bit of research within this field that allowed me to gain programming skills and research experience not directly related to statistics.  At the same time, I feel that through the MS program at NC State I have broadened my statistical knowledge and gained a deeper understanding of the underlying theory behind many statistical concepts.  I also am currently working as an intern in statistical programming, which again gives me the opportunity to develop programming skills and may draw me closer to the 'data scientist' idea.  
