Project 2
================
Grace Holliday
2023-07-06

## Project Overview

Our project explores the use of R to conduct basic machine learning
methods, such as linear models, random forests, and boosting. To do
this, we produce these models for each of six data channels: business,
entertainment, lifestyle, social mediea, tech, and world. We explore how
different variables (keywords, images, videos, etc.) influence the
amount of shares articles in these channels receives. We first produce
basic summary statistics and graphs to explore the data. We then fit
four different models and evaluate which is the “best” based on their
RMSE values, for each channel.

Links:  
[Github Pages](https://dadambro.github.io/project-2C/)  
[Basic Repo](https://github.com/dadambro/project-2C)

## Reflection

Overall, this project went very smoothly. My partner and I worked well
together and were both motivated to complete the project. If I were to
do anything differently, I would probably attempt to parallelize the
automation of the output for the six different channels. As the code
currently runs, it takes ~2 hours to complete rendering. It is the
random forest that does it, and I wonder if an attempt to run in
parallel would cut down on this run time. The most difficult part for me
would have to be automating the production. Like I said before, the
render time is so long that if there is an issue, you find out about it
2 hours after you submitted the code, and then have to resubmit. I could
have cut down on this, but it was a learning process. My big takeaways
from this project are the use and comparison of different models. I
found it very interesting to run each model and explore how close they
were able to predict the amount of shares for each channel.
